docs: add Databricks 0.1.0 (#45)
adbc-drivers/docs.adbc-drivers.org: drivers/databricks/v0.1.0.md

   - Query params: Additional Databricks connection attributes. For complete list of optional parameters, see [Databricks Optional Parameters](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/go-sql-driver#optional-parameters)

3. OAuth machine-to-machine (M2M) authentication:

   ```
   databricks://<server-hostname>:<port-number>/<http-path>?authType=OAuthM2M&clientID=<client-id>&clientSecret=<client-secret>&<param1=value1>&<param2=value2>
   ```

   Components:
   - `scheme`: `databricks://` (required)
   - `<server-hostname>`: (required) Server Hostname value.
   - `port-number`: (required) Port value, which is typically 443.
   - `http-path`: (required) HTTP Path value.
   - `authType=OAuthM2M`: (required) Specifies OAuth machine-to-machine authentication.
   - `<client-id>`: (required) Service principal's UUID or Application ID value.
   - `<client-secret>`: (required) Secret value for the service principal's OAuth secret.
   - Query params: Additional Databricks connection attributes. For complete list of optional parameters, see [Databricks Optional Parameters](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/go-sql-driver#optional-parameters)

> This follows the [Databricks SQL Driver for Go](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/go-sql-driver#connect-with-a-dsn-connection-string) format with the addition of the `databricks://` scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Query params: Additional Databricks connection attributes. For complete list of optional parameters, see [Databricks Optional Parameters](https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/go-sql-driver#optional-parameters)

This follows the [Databricks SQL Driver for Go](https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/go-sql-driver#connect-with-a-dsn-connection-string) format with the addition of the `databricks://` scheme.
```
